It is very early on the Christmas morning.
Peppa and her family are staying at
granny and grandpa pig's house.
George, wake up! Santa has been!
Bubble makers, comics, and tangerines!
Mommy, daddy, it's Christmas!
Hey, what?
It's too early, peppa.
Go and say "Happy Christmas" to granny and grandpa.
Granny, grandpa!
Ahahah…!!!
What a panic! Put hands on …
It's Christmas!
It's three o'clock in the morning!
But Santa's been.
Can we see if he is still here?
No, Santa is not here.
Look, the carrot, drink and mince pie have gone.
He has only left crumbs.
Yes, Santa likes the good mince pie.
And there are big presents under the tree!
I asked Santa for a dog. Can we open them now?
We will open the big presents after Christmas lunch.
Oh, goody!
Peppa and her family are having Christmas lunch.
Let's pull the crackers!
There are paper hats inside.
And party trumpets.
And jokes! What wobbles in the sky?
I don't know.
A jetlicopter.
Mmmm… This Christmas pudding is delicious!
Peppa and George, helped me make it.
We did the stirring.
Did you make a wish, Peppa?
Yes. I wished for…
Don't tell us.
Let's open the presents!
Yippee!
This one is for George.
It is a racing car set.
This looks a bit complicated.
Let me see.
This goes here and that goes there and this goes there.
Let's race!
Ready! Steady! Go!
Daddy and grandpa are enjoying playing racing cars.
Isn't that George's present?
I think George is quite happy playing with the box.
This is your present daddy pig.
Ah, socks!
And I've got, socks!
Socks!
So, the last present must be for…
Me!
I asked Santa for a doll that walks and talks
and closes its eyes when it goes to sleep.
Oh, bird's seed.
That present is for Poly Parrot.
But this was the last one.
Santa has forgotten me.
Hello?
Can I talk to Peppa please?
Peppa, it's Susie Sheep.
Hello, Susie.
Did you get your doll?
No.
I got mine.
It cries and laughs and closes its eyes and everything.
Santa has given you my doll!
No. The label says, "For Susie Sheep."
And Santa has forgotten me.
Ho-ho-ho.
Santa is on his way home.
That's the last stop this year's toys delivered.
Oh! What's this at the bottom of my sack?
Santa can't have forgotten you.
I have been a good piggy, haven't I?
Ho-ho-ho!
Santa!
Ah…hello!?
He came down our chimney!
Of course he did granny!
Here's your present Peppa.
Sorry it's a bit late.
My doll! Thank you, Santa.
Would you like some Christmas pudding?
George and I stirred it and made wishes.
Mmm…Yummy!
And I wish that Santa would visit us on
Christmas day and you did.
Ho-ho-ho!